I encounter your path many times,
Pretend you do not know me
: I have been the ally of many great souls
Socrates, his eldest son, Hugo, Mandel
With me, taste the virtues of patience
, With me, tasted the virtues of patience
, Turned their fears to courage
And made their favor a weapon
And the tears of strength to remember who they really are
Wen is ashamed of me
However, some people still feel
My association means exposing them to humiliation and rejection.
Those who accept me in their lives have won trust and achievement
Then you will find, without a doubt, the Lord peace beside you,
His signs are revealed around you
Praise is a promise to progress better
My name is weakness